heads of states of the gulf cooporation
Council countries are currently holding
their annual meeting here in Doha it's
just begun let's listen then in a
brotherly greeting genuinely welcoming
you in your second Homeland qar among
your own kins I allow me to express my
appreciation and gratitude to the sulan
of Oman for his concerted
efforts throughout his presidency of the
Supreme Council and his keenness on the
solidarity and the unity of the GCC as a
block I also extend all appreciation to
his excellencies the Secretary General
of and his under secretaries and all the
Secretary General staff for their
genuine efforts implementing the
resolutions handed down by the previous
Edition and the groundwork to this one
today We Gather hoping that our
understand standing and cooperation will
bolster our joint action to the best
interest of our people and to their
aspiration cementing the stature of the
GCC block regionally and globally Paving
the way for further Prosperity
reinforcing peace and stability in the
region and
Beyond the global and Regional
development the rapid ones mandate
concerted coordination and cooperation
to steer away from the the dire
consequences and also to poister all
means of cooperation social economic
political and Beyond I'm certain that
the CCC member states can reach
agreement and under cooperation that
will contribute to resolving certain
Regional
issues this Summit is convened amid the
catastrophic
the unprecedented humanitarian
catastrophe as a result of the
aggression under which the Palestinian
people are reeling namely our brothers
in
Gaza the and the occupied Palestinian
territories all the political ethical
and humanitarian values have been
violated by the crimes committed by the
Israeli occupation forces and the crimes
against humanity unfortunately despite
the fact that the magnitude of crime had
has been exposed and Grassroots of
people took to the streets many find it
too much for the Palestinian to se to
seek a seize fire it is a disgrace on
the international human International
Community to allow this heinous crime to
continue for more than two months where
systematic and purposeful killing
against innocent unarmed civilians
continue including women and
children entire families and households
were wiped out of the Civil register the
already frail infrastructure were
destroyed W food water fuel were used as
a weapon hospitals schools and other
vital infrastructures were destroyed
with a pretext of self-defense despite
the fact that self-defense cannot be
undertaken as a pretext by an occupation
force and this is a genocide committed
by Israel the massacres perpetrated by
the Israeli occupation forces against
the Gaza and the gazans deepen the
sentiment of un Injustice and absence of
international legitimacy however the
other Co side of the coin is the
steadfastness of the Palestinian people
holding to their just
cause it was it could have been possible
to steal away from all these tragedies
if Israel and their backers could have
understood that the Palestinian cause
cannot be sideline and the time of
imperialism is
gone and
no solution can be achieved without just
and Lasting peace without a just Co
solution to the Palestinian cause
peoples
worldwide ask about the International
Community and is truly there an entity
the International Community why have the
International Community turned their
back on their Palestinian children
adopting dual
standards this has become a trend which
means the international
Legacy is one of the victims to this
barbaric
War we renew our condemnation of killing
civilians of all ethnicities
nationalities and religions stressing
that due protection must be provided to
them under the international law and
international humanitarian law and we
call on the United Nations to initiate
an in international
investigations on the crimes committed
by the Israeli occupation forces against
the Palestinian People based on our film
conviction of
humanitarian Endeavors and peaceful
solutions to crisis and by the grace of
God the mediation efforts initiated by
the state of qar managed to establish a
truce and the release of certain
captives and Deton on both sides the
Israelis and the Palestinians and the
delivery of Swift humanitarian Aid we
are still working to renew the same and
to alleviate the sufferings of our
people yet at truth is not an
alternative to a permanent
ceasefire and renew my appreciation and
thanks to the Arab Republic of Egypt and
the United States for their close
cooperation to have this truth
established we will continue to make
effort with other Regional and Global
players in order to have a permanent
ceasefire established and all the
aggression against the Palestinian
people come to a
Hal the struggle in Palestine is not
religious or it is a war on terror it is
a national
cause struggle between the occupation
the Israeli occupation and the
Palestinian people reeling under this
occupation it is a part of imperialism
rejecting
any Common Ground solution with the OB
original people of the land therefore
the challenge for solving this Gaza as
if it
is away from the Palestinian CA that
require security and Military measures
the solution lies in ending the
occupation and resolving the cause of
the Palestinian people and within this
context we call on the security Council
namely the permanent members to live up
to their legal responsibility to put
this war barbaric War to an end and
force Israel to come back to genuine
negotiations in order to reach a justce
solution under the International
resolution and the Arab peace initiative
through the two State solution which
solution was agreed upon by the
Palestinian and Arab states as well as
the International Community there is no
room for further dodging or
manipulation in order to keep the
negotiation an open-end
process this can no longer be tolerated
the illegal settlement painting
Jerusalem entirely Jewish continue and
unjust Siege to
Gaza the crisis facing certain our
brothers countries in Libya
Sudan represent threat to Global to
social peace and security and we call on
all the conflicting parties in these
countries to give precedence to the
National interest and transcend above
all
tribal divisions steer the people away
from in fight and listen to the voice of
reason for resolving their crisis and
differences
ambly there are certain calulated
measures whereby the relationship of a
citizen and state are governed rule of
law and that rest in the hands of the
state any dispute will result in nothing
but chaos Anarchy and Civil War once
again I welcome you to the your second
homeand and I pray to God Almighty to
guide our steps forward to the best
interest of our people and their
prosperity thank
you